As you can see, the world is changing in the age of AI, but are people and companies or governments preparing properly? KBS interviewed the vice president of Microsoft, Brad Smith, who visited Korea. I heard what kind of role people should consider in the world where AI will change and what kind of work they are preparing with Korean companies. WellDie Oh, when it comes to Microsoft there are many opinions about startups and Bill Gates, I also interviewed him for kbs last year. In order for people to know who Brad Smith is, I asked artificial intelligence about him. He is an important guy in an industry that values company culture. Are you sure? I won't complain I saw the New York Times a few days ago, and it said that Samsung is reviewing a way to switch its search engine from Google to Microsoft. Did you have any discussions with Samsung about this? So if we can persuade Samsung or others to provide a better service to people, I think we would be delighted to do that. You invested $10 billion in OpenAI. It's a huge amount of money, more than $13 billion in Korean won. Could you explain MS's specific goal to achieve through AI? Microsoft is really focused with OpenAI on creating what we call the AI supercomputing infrastructure. We provide the technology on which OpenAI builds these models. And then we provide the data centers, including in Korea, so that people are accessing them. But I think our goal fundamentally is to take technology to a higher level. I asked AI about a few things. First, will the age of technology help humanity or threaten humanity? The answer is that the impact it has on humanity is a double-edged sword. It all depends on how human beings use it. And I think our role is to identify where there are risks and put in safeguards or guardrails to protect against its abuse. I asked AI what side effects it is worried about. It said, I don't need to worry about side effects. AI is a machine. It's the job of us as humans to worry. It's my job, our job at Microsoft to worry. It's our job to hope. Recently, Elon Musk of Tesla and some AI experts have said that we need to stop developing high-tech AI for at least half a year. What is MS's position? Students and parents in a country with a high level of education like Korea may be curious about this. AI answers all the questions. But what does it study for? Will it be able to study freely thanks to AI? What do you think is the area where Korean companies can gain strength? Is there a plan for Microsoft to cooperate with Korean companies in this area? In the end, it was an interview to look back on the era of technology, which is to say that it is not AI that is responsible for the future, but people who make and use it. I look forward to seeing you again with better technology for people. Thank you for your time today. Thank you for watching.
